>> Steve Kinney: There
are many sets of tools.
Sometimes, if we think about even some
of the things got a little wild in
the mocking and subbing part,
because, like in that point,
that was tools that you can use when
your code is hard to test, right?
But like, if one breaks apart their code,
they break out the data fetching
from the component, right?
And those are separate pieces, and
you kind of start to pull stuff apart into
individual pieces that snap
together into Voltron instead of,
like, are glued together, right?
The act of testing something can become
as easy as it was in the very beginning.
With that, add and subtract and
stuff along those lines.
Now, I'm not gonna lie to you.
Getting there is hard, right.
Especially because, like, sure, like
this thing already lives in production.
And, like, the idea of refactoring
is a risk in and of itself, right?
You're like, Steve told me that I
should break everything apart, so
we're gonna stop everything for
six months and do that.
Yeah, good luck, right?
My code base isn't even like that,
and there are areas where we, and
you know what they are, because everyone
on the team, size when it's like
sprint planning and it's like
touch that part of the code base.
You know what I mean?
And like, you know, but like those
are still the areas where it's like,
that is a practice that works.
You can't always do it immediately.
But a lot of times if something is hard to
test and you feel like I can't test this,
maybe, maybe like.
Getting better at testing
is not the answer, right?
Maybe it is, that's an area
that needs refactoring, right?
And like that's an area of tech debt.
Or maybe like, can you get
the value just by getting a brad.
Would you feel better, if on every poll
request a browser was firing up and
going through that flow at the very least,
right?
Umm, you're not gonna
get that feedback loop.
You're gonna do that thing where you get
very hopeful when you open up a PR and
you watch the build process.
And it takes 7, 9,
11 minutes, and then fails.
That's not the best feedback loop in
the world for getting your job done, but
it will get you that coverage so
you're not causing outages, right?
Versus a unit test that's very fast,
but it might involve some refactoring.
Yeah, right?
You can step out the world, but
the more you step out the world,
are your tests even useful anymore?
You can generate snapshot
tests real quick, but like,
is everyone gonna ignore it
when something's hard to test,
it doesn't mean that you
don't know how to test it.
It just means that it's hard to test,
right?
It's not that testing is hard.
It's like that piece of code is
problematic, and I've got them,
you've got them, right?
You'll make more next over the next year.
I will too, right?
Umm, because sometimes you're just,
like, writing code,
you're figuring something out,
you get it working.
That is the next piece of tech debt,
because you know, you you know,
in the thought process weren't pulling it
apart, like and those are all pieces, and
these are just tools for managing this
complexity, but if you just leave this
course with a belief system that testing
could be simple if I make my code simple.
And then thinking about like there
are a whole bunch of other advantages,
making your code simple and
reusable, right?
And that these are like, like, mutually,
like, intertwined problems as well, and
that there are strategies and
tools, because, like,
there are trade offs to
some of the easy ways out.
But sometimes the easy way out gets you
time to do the refactor, you know, and
do it if it gets you the confidence,
right?
Like, know that there are trade offs,
and that's an okay thing.
If you go in eyes wide open, it's okay.
If you do it accidentally.
Well, then yeah [INAUDIBLE].
But like, if you understand that the trade
offs and that mocking out entire
dependencies, it's gonna come
back to hurt you some other way.
But maybe it's good for
right now, okay, you know.
Or maybe some playwright
tests are good for right now.
Or maybe, like, you know,
the next thing that you build,
you break into those small units,
awesome, right?
Those are all good approaches, and
it means we got the most
out of our time together.
Thank you.
[SOUND].
>> Audience: [APPLAUSE].